ALL REVISIONS ARE OFFICIALLY LICENSED SEPARATELY FROM THE MOD by Revisions this means files under the Revisions folder which are based off undoing Bright Nights pull requests.

As these revisions are content added back or changed from Bright Nights pulls they ALL are licensed under the same license as the project. My revisions are personal disputes I have had with Pull Request authors on their work that went unresolved and were enough that I could not tolerate playing the game with such a decision. There is no discussing these changes. You can easily find a revision you don't want based on its description or PR number and remove the file, or the whole folder. This was not made for me to get revenge, or to be petty about it, This was made because I genuinely disagree so thoroughly for one reason or another, that I can't imagine playing the game with said changes. I play this game very frequently.

Cataclysm is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.


USAGE OF MY REVISIONS UNDER THE RULES OF THE LICENSE do not require contacting me but you must license your usage of these revisions under the same license. it All revisions are named after their Pull Request number and an extra note on how I feel about it or why I made such a revision for easier access. You can find all of these pull requests on the Bright Nights project history and this will show you who created this content originally. For content that dates far back enough you would have to check the Dark Days Ahead project history. A link will be included.

https://github.com/cataclysmbnteam/Cataclysm-BN